fix #2076 (#2085)
Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV: CHANGELOG.md

* Improvements to the ruby code in the vagrant file
* Improved the log folder names from `20200225-182126` to `2020.02.25-18-21-26`
* Added a `switch_php_debugmod` to replace the `xdebug_on` `tideways_off` style scripts

> * Set always the default password for MySQL root user during provision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Checks the default password for MySQL root user during provision
```
